Add reference to installation process in GettingStarted.md (#437)
heremaps/here-olp-sdk-cpp: docs/GettingStartedGuide.md

## HERE OLP SDK for C++ in CMake Projects

> Once the libraries are installed, for details on installation process see [README.md](../README.md#Install), you can find them using `find_package()` within your project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the libraries are installed, you can find them using the `find_package()` function within your project. For more information on how to install libraries, see [the related section](../README.md#Install) in the README.md file.
```
